All right welcome back my students.
So hopefully you understand this code here that we started courting a couple years ago right or last
lecture.
So if we see a new user right we see the new session id we're going to insert the time of the session
with our first came into our site.
So if for some reason that user and this is how we're going to find out how the user is not new right.
If this count is actually something other than no that means they use just been there before right that
count is more then we're going to just update.
And what are we getting We're going to be updating.
All right.
Remember we're going to keep track of the user with time so we're going to day users on line and we're
going to set the time to what equals to time write in how we are going to identify the user how are
going to know which feel to update remember where sesshin equals what session.
If you got it correct you're a genius.
You're awesome.
So that's all we're going to find out right.
So what else do we need to do here.
What is it.
How are we going to be this.
How are we going to be explain the user based on what.
All right.
Well we're going to display the user account the users on line based on how many minutes or seconds
they've been on our side how many how much time.
So that's how we're going to actually get that information.
So we're going to make another query here and we're going to find out that information we're just going
to say.
Users online users on that's just going to be a variable and Querrey variable is going to hold.
The users are going to show you right now exactly what we're going to be acquiring for.
So we're going to select fall from users online where the time field right is less than what.
What do you think.
We made some calculations up here right.
What do you think our field.
What is the condition of your well time out right here right.
That's going to be our target time out.
Now we've got to send that in to make that work Ray.
So up upon Actually we are already sending that in.
So all we got to do is just do the count here.
So we're going to say count to user and we've got to send this in with this function.
My Ask your lie.
No Rose that's how we're going to count it.
All right.
And we're going to put that timing operator there just to make sure.
Whoops there we go.
All right.
So I think we're done here.
So now let's test this out.
Let's put a x ray already got it right here.
But if you don't have it right.
Put an NH one down here like this.
All right.
And this is just temporarily.
And we're going to come here to my publication that you're going to see though I already have one in
here.
All right so if you want to see that number change go to another browser.
All right.
And I've been your co-host of course co-host logged into your application and this song says zero.
Here I think my Firefox is not counting the cookies I don't have the browser enable them to use come
back here and check it out.
After that was just weird.
I'm probably getting some type of error here.
Let's go back and see what in the world just happened.
That is so let go from users where time.
That's just weird there.
Let's go to our BHB ad minutes.
Check out what happened.
All right.
So the HP men
and users on line.
All right we've got two sessions here.
All right.
I'm just going to delete them and check it out.
Maybe some type of bug or something and come back here or refresh.
And we are getting this Sessions they're getting in but we are not
getting the right information.
That's because we have some type of bug or something here and I'm surprised that we're not getting a
notice.
I think we're not sending this guy here.
I mean he might ask you a live connection
and we can the user.
Maybe my logic is flawed.
We go in that we fix it.
Sorry about that guys.
Firefox.
There we go.
My logic was messed up guys.
This is what happens when you spend too much time in the computer.
Local CMOS and they go to admin and now you can see that we have to be users.
All right let's go to safari and let's log in and log into a fiery in the middle in front of you so
you can see admin.
I'm already logged in so that's why he's doing that.
So you can see now that I've got three users right here.
All right.
So now we refresh and we have some being a many yet remember and we can actually make this less of the
way if we make this 30 seconds here we are just going to show those specific users and save my keyboard
battery miles batteries are running out.
So all right let's go to this guy right here and refresh.
Now you can see that I look down to people because they've been there more than 30 seconds.
All right.
So my logic was not very good.
All right so now time has to be actually bigger than timeout.
Hey that's the right logic there guys.
All right.
So now another thing is that you can actually put this somewhere in your navigation on top here.
I'll show you in an election next lecture how to do that.
But of course you should know how to do that by now.
If you don't one even watch the next lecture don't watch it.
But I'm going to show you how I do it.
Very simple.
Thank you so much.
I'll see you in the next lecture